[CLOUD-461] fix getting started links (#227)
logicalclocks/logicalclocks.github.io: docs/setup_installation/aws/troubleshooting.md

* The [instance profile that you have chosen during cluster creation](cluster_creation/#step-5-select-the-instance-profile) is actually missing the permissions stated in the error  on your [chosen S3 bucket](cluster_creation/#step-2-setting-the-general-information). Then in that case, update your instance profile accordingly and then click *Retry* to retry cluster creation operation. 

> * Your AWS organization is using [SCPs policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scps.html) that disallow policy simulation. In that case, you could do a simple test to confirm the issue by using [the AWS PolicySim on AWS console](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_testing-policies.html). If policy simulation is disallowed, you can configure managed.hopsworks.ai to skip the policy simulation step by removing the `iam:SimulatePrincipalPolicy` permission from [your cross account role](../getting_started/#step-1-connecting-your-aws-account), by navitgating to the [AWS Roles console](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home#/roles), search for your cross account role name and click on it, on the permissions tab click edit on hopsworks inline policy, choose JSON tab, remove `iam:SimulatePrincipalPolicy`, click *Review Policy*, and then click *Save Changes*, and finally navigate back to manged.hopsworks.ai and click *Retry* to retry the cluster creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your AWS organization is using [SCPs policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scps.html) that disallow policy simulation. In that case, you could do a simple test to confirm the issue by using [the AWS PolicySim on AWS console](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_testing-policies.html). If policy simulation is disallowed, you can configure managed.hopsworks.ai to skip the policy simulation step by removing the `iam:SimulatePrincipalPolicy` permission from [your cross account role](../getting_started/#step-1-connecting-your-aws-account), by navigating to the [AWS Roles console](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iamv2/home#/roles), search for your cross account role name and click on it, on the permissions tab click edit on hopsworks inline policy, choose JSON tab, remove `iam:SimulatePrincipalPolicy`, click *Review Policy*, and then click *Save Changes*, and finally navigate back to managed.hopsworks.ai and click *Retry* to retry the cluster creation.
```
